This image contains drivers/tools to be used during an automatic Windows
installation.



PRE-INSTALLATION

The preinst/ directory contains device drivers that are needed to start the
Windows installation. For example, the viostor driver is there since it's
needed to be able to install Windows on a disk using a virtio controller.
This directory contains one subdirectory per Windows version.

To use these drivers with Windows XP, they need to be copied to the root of
the floppy disk containing the Winnt.sif file for unattended installation.
A txtsetup.oem file is needed too for the installer to pick up these
drivers, but it's provided with the drivers.

Things are easier with Windows 7: a DriverPath entry pointing directly to
the CD directory can be added to the appropriate step in the
Autounattend.xml file, and the Windows installer will be able to pick up
the drivers directly from the CD.

  <settings pass="windowsPE">
    <component name="Microsoft-Windows-PnpCustomizationsWinPE"
               processorArchitecture="x86"
               publicKeyToken="31bf3856ad364e35"
               language="neutral" versionScope="nonSxS"
               xmlns:wcm="http://schemas.microsoft.com/WMIConfig/2002/State"
               xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance">
      <DriverPaths>
        <PathAndCredentials wcm:keyValue="2" wcm:action="add">
          <Path>E:\preinst\win7\</Path>
        </PathAndCredentials>
      </DriverPaths>
    </component>
  </settings>




POST-INSTALLATION

This directory contains programs and commands that must be run after
Windows installation is complete. This can be used for example to install
some needed services or drivers on the system. Both Windows XP and Windows
7 can directly use the files from the CDROM, they only need to be
told what to run in the Winnt.sif file or Autounattend.xml file.

This directory contains a postinst.cmd file with a list of commands to be
run after the Windows installation. Any number of binaries can be added to
this directory and be referenced by the postinst.cmd file.

Commands specific to a given Windows version go to per-version directory.
Then a postinst.cmd file from this directory is used for commands specific
to this Windows version. The common commands should still be run even if
a Windows specific command file is present.


  <settings pass="oobeSystem">
    <component name="Microsoft-Windows-Shell-Setup"
processorArchitecture="x86" publicKeyToken="31bf3856ad364e35"
language="neutral" versionScope="nonSxS"
xmlns:wcm="http://schemas.microsoft.com/WMIConfig/2002/State"
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance">
      <FirstLogonCommands>
        <SynchronousCommand wcm:action="add">
          <Order>1</Order>
          <CommandLine>E:\postinst\postinst.cmd</CommandLine>
        </SynchronousCommand>
      </FirstLogonCommands>
    </component>
  </settings>


[GuiRunOnce]
E:\postinst\postinst.cmd

